Add SigLIP model (#1649)
openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks: notebooks/281-siglip-zero-shot-image-classification/README.md

# Zero-shot Image Classification with SigLIP

[![Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks/blob/main/notebooks/281-siglip-zero-shot-image-classification/281-siglip-zero-shot-image-classification.ipynb)

> Zero-shot image classification is a computer vision task to classify images into one of several classes, without any prior training or knowledge of the classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zero-shot image classification is a computer vision task with the goal to classify images into one of several classes without any prior training or knowledge of these classes.
```

![zero-shot-pipeline](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29454499/207773481-d77cacf8-6cdc-4765-a31b-a1669476d620.png)

> In this tutorial, you will use [SigLIP](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/model_doc/siglip) model to perform zero-shot image classification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you will use the [SigLIP](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/model_doc/siglip) model to perform zero-shot image classification.
```

## Notebook Contents

> This tutorial demonstrates how to perform zero-shot image classification using the open-source SigLIP model. The SigLIP model was proposed in [Sigmoid Loss for Language Image Pre-Training](https://arxiv.org/abs/2303.15343) by Xiaohua Zhai, Basil Mustafa, Alexander Kolesnikov, Lucas Beyer. SigLIP proposes to replace the loss function used in [CLIP](https://github.com/openai/CLIP) (Contrastive Language–Image Pre-training) by a simple pairwise sigmoid loss. This results in better performance in terms of zero-shot classification accuracy on ImageNet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial demonstrates how to perform zero-shot image classification using the open-source SigLIP model. The SigLIP model was proposed in the [Sigmoid Loss for Language Image Pre-Training](https://arxiv.org/abs/2303.15343) paper. SigLIP suggests replacing the loss function used in [CLIP](https://github.com/openai/CLIP) (Contrastive Language–Image Pre-training) with a simple pairwise sigmoid loss. This results in better performance in terms of zero-shot classification accuracy on ImageNet.
```

Reviewer: seems unnecessary

![siglip-performance-comparison](https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/transformers/model_doc/siglip_table.jpeg)

[\*_image source_](https://arxiv.org/abs/2303.15343)

You can find more information about this model in the [research paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2303.15343), [GitHub repository](https://github.com/google-research/big_vision), [Hugging Face model page](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/model_doc/siglip).

> Notebook contains the following steps:
> 
> 1. Instantiate model
> 1. Run PyTorch model inference
> 1. Convert model to OpenVINO Intermediate Representation (IR) format.
> 1. Run OpenVINO model
> 1. Apply post-training quantization using NNCF
>     1. Prepare dataset
>     1. Quantize model
>     1. Run quantized OpenVINO model
>     1. Compare File Size
>     1. Compare inference time of the FP16 IR and quantized models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The notebook contains the following steps:

1. Instantiate model.
1. Run PyTorch model inference.
1. Convert the model to OpenVINO Intermediate Representation (IR) format.
1. Run OpenVINO model.
1. Apply post-training quantization using [NNCF](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/nncf):
    1. Prepare dataset.
    1. Quantize model.
    1. Run quantized OpenVINO model.
    1. Compare File Size.
    1. Compare inference time of the FP16 IR and quantized models.
```

> NNCF performs quantization within the OpenVINO IR. It is required to run the first notebook before running the second notebook.

Reviewer: which one is first which one is second? better use their names here

> We will use SigLIP model for zero-shot image classification. The result of model work demonstrated on the image below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The results of the SigLIP model's performance in zero-shot image classification from this notebook are demonstrated in the image below.
```
